QUE1. Write a function that takes an array as a parameter and prints all the elements
of the array using a forEach loop.

QUE2. Write a function that takes an array of numbers as a parameter and calculates 
the sum of all the numbers using a forEach loop.

QUE3. Write a function that takes an array as a parameter and prints the index and 
value of each element using a forEach loop.

QUE4. Write a function that takes an array of strings as a parameter and concatenates
all the strings into a single string using a forEach loop.

QUE5. Write a function that takes an array of numbers as a parameter and checks if all
the numbers in the array are positive using a forEach loop. Return true if all numbers 
are positive, and false otherwise.

QUE6. Write a function that takes an array of numbers as a parameter and finds the 
smallest number in the array using a forEach loop.

QUE7. Write a function that takes an array of strings as a parameter and counts the 
number of vowels (a, e, i, o, u) in each string using a forEach loop. Print the 
count for each string.

QUE8. Write a function that takes an array of numbers as a parameter and calculates 
the average of all the numbers using a forEach loop.

QUE9. Write a function that takes an array of strings as a parameter and prints the 
strings in uppercase using a forEach loop.

QUE10. Write a function that takes an array of objects representing books, where each 
object contains a book's title and author. The function should print the title and 
author of each book using a forEach loop.

QUE11. Write a function that takes an array of numbers as a parameter and returns a 
new array with only the even numbers from the original array, using a forEach loop.

QUE12. Write a function that takes an array of strings as a parameter and checks if 
any string in the array is a palindrome using a forEach loop. Return true if a 
palindrome exists, and false otherwise.

QUE13. Write a function that takes an array of objects as a parameter, where each 
object represents a person with properties like name and age. The function should 
print the name and age of each person using a forEach loop.

QUE14. Write a function that takes an array of numbers as a parameter and calculates 
the product of all the numbers using a forEach loop.

QUE15. Write a function that takes an array of strings as a parameter and returns a 
new array with the lengths of each string using a forEach loop.